Jam Day13
=========
1. What is git
2. What is github
3. Who owns git and git hub
4. What is a version control system and why 
5. Name few version control systems
6. what is a project in version control system called as
7. what is fork and clone
8. when to use clone when to use pull
clon e: first time u want a local repo
pull:you already have tyhe localm repo
9. Where does git init creates a repository
creates a local repository in local machine

10.When i use git commit -m "message" where are changes present or committed
local repository


11. What does git status do
list all the new modified files to be commited
12. what is git log
list all the ,commits in repository

13. how do we connect to a remote git hub from local machine
git config --global user.name "name"
git config --global user.email "emailid"
git confign--global -list
give the commands

14. what is master and main
default branch for each repo which is created
both are same

15. why branching
 
16. how to create a brach
create branch name
17. what does the following command do
git checkout branchname
shift the pointer to new branch

18. when should we use merge and why and who will do it
merge will combine the branch with another branch
project manager/team

19. command to use merge
ensure you are on the right branch
git merge source branch
git commit

20. the process of saving the changes in a temporary location so that we can switch to a new branch and apply the changes
we can switch
21. the process of undo the changes to the branch is called as
22. syntax to stash
git stash "message"

23. syntax to apply stash
git stash apply

24. syntax to drop a stash
git stash drop

25. syntax to reset
git reset "head.branchname"

26. difference between commit and push
save in the local repo
push will update the changes from local repo to remote repo

27. difference between git push  and git push -f
local repo to remote repo
forcefully

28. what does git add . do
add the changes to staging area

29. how to add only one file to the commit
git add filename

30 what is a read me file and why
description about repo
guide or assiostance to user abiout diff branches

31. what is a .gitignore file and why
it is file which has all the names of libraries,files and folder which should not be addes to repo
can i perform all, the operations directory in github using the graphical user interface yes